title: Epayment Workflow
body: 1\. MTRO sends us a statement data file on monthly basis or as per the
frequency of statement cycle  
2\. MTRO sends us a daily balance file that contains the updates about the
current outstanding balance of each account, and any other additional meta-
data involved.  
3\. InfoIMAGE processes data from daily balance file and the statement data
file as and when received. Statement data file updates reflects on estatements
application. While Daily balance file updates reflect on payments section of
SSO login for User/Member  
4\. MTRO User Members log-in into SSO application and can see the latest
statements and due payments etc. per Loan account.  
5\. MTRO User/Member ePayment options to either make one-time payment or
schedule a payment using a payment source.  
6\. Before going to payment gateway SSO estatements payment application
validates for ACH routing or Debit card number prefix provided by MTRO.  
a. IF MTRO routing number present the store MTRO user ACH routing and account
number details to be later shared with MTRO for account balancing purposes.  
b. IF MTRO debit card present prompt user to make payment using ACH
transaction and redirect to ACH screen. If the user still wants to do Debit
card transaction then it will go to payment gateway.  
7\. During payment gateway call we validate card for type debit/credit,  
a. If card type is credit card decline the transaction. This validation is
needed if client's Payee Accounts are Loan accounts. Normally credit card is
not accepted for Loan payments.  
b. If card type is debit do following validations

i. Address verification - mainly zip code is validated from the billing
address.  
ii. CVV verification  
iii. Supported Debit card types (options like VISA and Master only).

8\. Based on success response from the card validation in previous step. Make
a successful financial transaction through payment gateway.  
9\. At the end of each day InfoIMAGE to send Daily transaction reports. Two
reports will be sent.  
a. One report with all the transactions done with payment gateway.  
b. One report with all the transactions that have MTRO routing/ MTRO ACH
details.  
10\. During settlement window payments get actually deducted from payment
source account and deposited into destination account i.e. MTRO account as
configured during Onboarding process.  
11\. As per the settlement updates received by MTRO from its bank account on
daily basis, MTRO will update User/Member account balances on their side.  
12\. InfoIMAGE sends daily MTRO account  
13\. MTRO repeats step 1 & 2 if it's a statement cycle end processing or only
repeats STEP 2 on a daily basis.  
ASSUMPTIONS:  
1\. MTRO will provide list of ACH routing numbers.  
2\. MTRO will provide list of Debit card prefixes.  
3\. MTRO will have Loan accounts as pay to accounts hence for the payments
they would like us to allow only ACH and Debit card payments, while DENY
credit card payments to loan/mortgage accounts.  
Concerns:  
1\. Each financial transaction essentially will have MINIMUM TWO payment
gateway transactions unless the pay from account is a MTRO ACH account. Client
is billed by the number of payment gateway transactions, NOT by financial
transactions. Each of following is considered as single payment gateway
transaction:  
a. Debit/Credit card validation AND/OR Address/CVV/Zip verification  
i. A failed verification transaction is still counted as a payment gateway
transaction and billable.  
b. Storage of a payment source for future use  
c. Process an actual ACH/Card payment


