title: How-to: Troubleshooting Workflow
body:   

INLINE

Below is a general workflow to go about troubleshooting issues:

  1. Gather all the necessary information from relevant parties. Ask for information that are typically required early on, even before figuring out that you will need it. For example, UUID and email address are always good to have when troubleshooting SSO issues.
    1. Time of occurrence is one important information that will help narrow down where to research.
    2. If an SSO issue, ask whether they have tried logging in via multiple web browsers and cleared cache. Older browsers such as IE or non-supported mobile apps may not work.
  2. Determine the point of failure. For SSO, at what step does the user encounter the issue?
    1. If possible, and only if it will not incur any negative effect, recreate the issue.
      1. If possible, do this on Production. If recreating the issue on Production will lead to undesired effects, try to recreate the issue on Pilot or Staging. 
  3. Are all instances of the service or application running without issue?
    1. Review the logs. If unsure where to look, see the Log File Locations page referenced below.
    2. If exceptions are found within the logs, review the code referenced in the exceptions to understand the logic that is failing.
  4. Review any relevant configurations to understand business rule. Hypercube configuration for Hypercube, PUI configuration for PUI, etc.
  5. If the application, or service, interacts with a database, review the data relevant to the issue.
    1. What incorrect or missing data record can cause the service to misbehave? If data is incorrect or missing, what caused the corruption?
  6. Are upstream or downstream services and applications working as expected and accessible by the current service being researched? 
    1. If necessary, repeat 2-5 for the upstream/downstream services and applications.

Resources to Reference:

  *   *   *   * 

  

For specific areas, check out one of the other pages below:

falsefalsetitletruelabel = "troubleshoot" and space = currentSpace()


