title: Release Day Test Plan
body:   1. Collect all configuration when application will boot up.
    1. When infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 will boot up, It should register itself into infoconfig and collect all the configuration from infoconfig side.
  2. When a particular configuration will be updated, all instances should be notified and related application should collect the updated configuration.
    1. If infoservice configuration will update then all the application should be notified through MQ and only infoservice instances should take the updated configuration.
  3. Whether email is triggered when infoconfig detect that any service is unreachable.
    1. If infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 is down and infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-02 is up then infoconfig should trigger email stating that infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 is down from infoconfig side.
  4. Whether email is triggered when infoconfig detect that any version mismatch.
    1. If infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 does not receive the update but ifoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-02 receives the update, then infoconfig should trigger email regarding version mismatch of the particular instance.
  5. Application should trigger email in boot up time if infoconfig is down.
    1. If infoconfig is down and infoservice tries to boot up then infoconfig can not communicate with infoconfig. In this scenario infoservice should trigger email.
  6. Infoconfig is down and application tries to boot up. Application should boot up with previous configuration.
    1. If infoconfig is down and infoservice tries to boot up then infoconfig can not communicate with infoconfig. In this scenario infoservice should trigger email. and infoservice will boot up with previous configuration.
  7. One instance is down and another instance of same application is up. In the mean time, configuration is updated. So running instance should take the updated configuration immediately. but when down instance will up, it should take all updated configuration.
    1. If infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 is running and infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-02 is down. In the mean time some configuration is updated for infoservice. Then infoservice of ca-infotrac-pr-01 should take the update immediately. After some time if we try to start the down instance, it should pull the updated configuration.
  8. If MQ is down and something is updated from infoconfig side, then version mismatch email should be triggered.
    1. MQ is down. If any of the property is updated then no one should get the update because MQ is down. As no one gets update, infoconfig should trigger email about version mismatch after some time.

  


