title: Scope Statement
body: Project Objective

  1. Update all applications to be Full Service IMb compliant by January 26, 2013
  2. Be able to track outbound mail and delivery dates for presort and heavy mail pieces within the USPS mail stream
  3. Provide customer access to mail tracking data and summary reports through InfoTRAC 4.0

Deliverables

  1. Full IMB + Destination IMb Tracing in all CA and TX applications
  2. Collection of mail tracking data in a NoSQL database
  3. Mail tracking summary reports through InfoTRAC 4.0

Milestones

  1. Full Service IMb compliance deadline - January 26, 2014 (Keep in mind that due to tax season - December 2013-January 2014, OPs may have a limited amount of time to process parallels)
  2. InfoTRAC 4.0 release date - Q1/14

Technical Requirements

  1. Full Service + Destination IMb Tracing
    1. Code for 9-digit customer Mailer ID + 6-digit Serial number (must be unique per CID for 45 days - USPS requirement, InfoIMAGE will use internal unique ID in order to retain mail tracking data)
      1. 6-digit Mailer ID and 9-digit Serial number will still be supported
    2. Set up PSI to read first 20 digits of our IMb when pre-sorting mail
    3. Store mail tracking data from USPS in optimized fashion (NoSQL database) - Keep at least 1 year of history in order to use for trending data
    4. Support 90 days worth of camera images on camera system
    5. Add mail tracking to Texas heavy files (presorted by PSI) - Can be pushed to Phase II
  2. InfoTRAC 4.0 Mail Tracking Features
    1. 2D camera image to accompany each account (90 day history)
    2. Search by account number
    3. Search by date range (day, week, month)
    4. Search by customer job applications
    5. Chart to capture average delivery times based on geographic location (zip code, city, state)
    6. Chart to capture average delivery times for areas of slow mail
    7. Internal Mailer ID management module - Can be pushed to Phase II

Operation Process Changes

  1. Implement process to add new client Mailer ID to USPS IMb Tracing account
  2. Implement process to remove client Mailer ID to USPS IMb Tracing account if client leaves InfoIMAGE
    1. Not necessary to purge mail tracking data of clients that leave InfoIMAGE

Issues to Address

  1. Where to place non-scanned pieces in mail tracking reports? - Jon will show us how PSI categorizes them in their reports
    1. Includes: returned mail pieces, mail pieces with bad addresses, full-rate mailpieces, foreign mailpieces
  2. How to ensure that serial # will be unique for 45 days per CID? (once serial # loops, mail tracking data will be overwritten with new mail piece tracking data) - We will either need to use separate Mailer IDs per application or apply for a 6-digit MID for that customer. We will use an internal unique # in order to retain mail tracking data for as long as we want.
  3. Will it be an issue if clients have multiple Mailer IDs with different vendors? - No, we will only receive scans for the Mailer IDs listed on our IMb Tracing account
  4. How will we provide tracking data for tax jobs? - Tax jobs and direct mail jobs all have IMb and support mail tracking
  5. Need to support parent/child company relationships for mail tracking summary reporting? - Not necessary
  6. What will we do if the client already has an existing Mailer ID set up? - We will always apply for a new one through USPS

Limits and Exclusions

  1. Full Service + Destination IMb Tracing
    1. Full-rate and foreign letter mail will not support mail tracking
    2. Inbound IMb Tracing will only be set up if enough customers are interested in the product
  2. InfoTRAC 4.0 Mail Tracking Features
    1. Trending data will not be made available until at least 6 months of mail tracking data has been collected
    2. Seed mailing mail tracking will not be included
    3. Mail tracking data will not be mail available through the eStatement AI Site since the AI Site will eventually be consolidated into InfoTRAC

Customer Review

  1. Beta client feedback - Beta clients TBD


