title: SUCU - Mo Stmt Changes for Account Summary
description: Permanent update for Monthly Statements for print and electronic:
 1. Remove 'preprint form' (static) red background box for Account Summary section; replace with dynamic red box based total number of lines listed for Account Summary products.
 2. Display Product Names with corresponding ending balances in Account Summary section.
 3. Products will display in two columns horizontially adjacent to the start of the marketing message text box.
 4. Each product desription will be displayed (based on updated mapping document) from Rec 1500, position 47-76.
 5. Ending balances will not be summarized with the same Major types, but displayed individual from the following records:
 - Deposit Accounts = Rec 200, Position 178-190
 - Loan Accounts = Rec 4000, Position 88-98

Other items to note:
 * SUCU does not have a maximum number of product types that a statement can contain. Please determine how best to handle if more product types that will fit on page 1. Note that this is definitely not a likely scenario that may ever happen (as it would be equivalent to 80+ products on one statement, but because SUCU does not have a maximum number, please confirm how best to handle.
 * Here are the product codes that fall under "Deposit": CK (checking), SAV (savings), TD (Certificates/IRA)
 * Here are the product codes that fall under "Loans": CML Loans, CNS Loans, MTG Loans
 * Reference attached for list of products.

[^SUCU_MoStmt_Products.docx]



^Additional Updates as of 9/24/21 requested by CU; attaching revised preprint and changes for reference:^

1. Customer would like to remove this bottom Marketing Message box; this will impact message manager as well so please factor into the programming hours.

2. Based on removing the message box, can the product extend the width of the box, and shrink the background box dynamically?

3. Align statement transaction/sections with the left edge of the Account Summary box OR shorten the width of the Account Summary box to mirror existing margin for transactions.

4. Decrease height of black line to about 1/4 the size; it display too thick currently.



Additional Update request as of 10/14/21 based on latest sample review:

1. Center product types listed in the Account Summary Box, rather than left aligned. This will mainly be reflected when there is only 1 product type.




author: phoebe.george
comment: Scope changes requested from SUCU that will require additional work order; pending new live date.


author: phoebe.george
comment: Updating due date to mid-Nov (need to finalize timeline).


author: shun.kuwashima
comment: [~phoebe.george] Can you create an ISD story for this? Or, let me know if there's already another ISD ticket when Patric was still here. Thanks!


author: phoebe.george
comment: NOTE: Updated assessment based on ticket #22252 for on-shore programmer to complete (due to e-form). Updating to new dates also.
