title: Scanner - Enhancement for More Monthly Option
description: Feature: File Transfer Status

--PUI Front-End set up the status

--Scanner code (DP) use the status



Currently, the File Transfer Status can be set to Monthly, and we can only choose a specific date such as 1,2,3,..,31. Because the last day of the month is variable, we need a way to choose and identify the "last day of month". Review how we can achieve this. The FTS logic uses bitwise logic, so it may not be as straightforward as it seems.


author: shahadet.hossain
comment: I think it would be better if we can add an option to the front end under monthly, with a checkbox which will say- "Last day of the month" and we can consider it with the value 32. So far what I have reviewed, we can use bit operation to store and retrieve this value 32 (last day of the month). Following scenario need to be considered:
 # User might be able to select last day of the month option along with other days, similar to weekly.
 # In FileScheduleManager class we need to add the logic under monthly to set the day, if the processing day is the last day of the month.

I hope there will be no more complication. If you have any thought on that please let me know. Otherwise I can start working on this. I am not sure how the process is triggered for scheduling file. But I can start working on front end.




author: tai.trinh
comment: Hi [~shahadet.hossain],

Yeah, that sounds good. Please do the enhancement for both front-end and the backend in the FileScheduleManager class.

On-shore will handle the testing. I'll give you the instruction on how to test the scanner. Do you have access to ca-ftpbu-st-01.infoimageinc.com? This is a Windows machine, so you can RDP in. If you haven't heard of this before, I will ask Network to grant you access.

You can close out this analysis ticket, and create a Story for yourself for this. Remember to assign it to the current Sprint (or the next Sprint, since this Sprint is about to end).

Thanks,
 Tai
