title: PUI Feature to Disable Email Notification upon triggering
description: Create feature to allow the DP user OR print processing program to disable email notification entry upon completing processing of eStatements. Today, email notification is immediately added after PUI eStatement is posted. We want the ability to *"automatically"* disable email notification by adding a flag upon triggering eStatement posting.

Per David's comment:

We had implemented the new email bypass flag on the P-UI. DP currently able to use this flag for jobs that they manually post. For automated job, we will need Print team to develop this option when DP initial the job so that this flag can be carry over during auto posting.

New Parameter name for bypass email: emailsup

Value: true or false.


author: william.kong
comment: 10/28:  This is the enhancement request from Ernest in light of the recent HTBK level 3 issue where DP inadvertently pushed email out when job finished at the 10pm email automation schedule.  We want to pre-emptively disable email notification entry if we know we do not need it after processing eStatements.
11/4: David to work with Will & Ernest to come up a plan

11/25: To be released as of 11/25. Still need to work with Will on Print side.

12/16:  Although David created this feature, IS needs to develop the logic to use this feature.


author: trang809
comment: We had implemented the new email bypass flag on the P-UI. DP currently able to use this flag for jobs that they manually post. For automated job, we will need Print team to develop this option when DP initial the job so that this flag can be carry over during auto posting.

New Parameter name for bypass email: emailsup

Value: true or false.


author: william.kong
comment: I won't have time to visit this. I'm real focus on Brisbane. I will discuss w/ IT managers today to see if we can put this into backlog for now and target in June to revisit this project.

There is a lot of utilities that will need rewrite for the Brisbane move project that I need my resources to develop.


author: william.kong
comment: Per meeting today: Need to assess next week how much time / cost it will take to get this project developed. We can revisit timeline later.


author: william.kong
comment: I'm estimating 80hrs of development:
 * Insert file is managed by DP
 * Modify insert parser script to read the insert file to check for email disable flag.
 * Insert file must have expiration date.
 * Program will halt if insert file field has an expiration date that is past due.
 * Add additional separate script to parse through all insert files once a day to warn DP if the expiration date is about to expire; Preventative alerting measure to have them fix the date and remove the date if it gets past due.




author: william.kong
comment: Per meeting today:



We need to table the design of this. This solution still requires human decision.

We need to find a systematic solution where the system can detect if email has been sent in the past.



We need to decide who can identify can lead this design.
