General :
Attend Weekly Meeting on Every Thursday with the Onshore team. Exchange views, share thoughts/opinions, discuss outstanding issues if there is any.
Attend Project Turnover Meeting with onshore BA, whenever there is a new project.
Ask for Project deliverables (SOW, mapping, datafile, logos, disclosures, PGP key, etc ), JEF, smart sheet issue log.
Make sure that the font name and size are defined inside the SOW, otherwise report that to onshore BA.
Gather requirements proactively so that the work gets easier for you as well as the developers and QA.
Add onshore BA/Developers on skype so that you can communicate anytime regarding any issues/requirement gap.
Encourage everyone to attend weekly scrum.
Encourage teammates to strictly follow JEF for communication to keep track of the project. Avoid using email threads. You'll get lost when there will be plenty of mail chains.
Daily Tasks:
Check all project emails every day even if you need an hour, you must read mails.
Update Git Issues regularly and assign that to the respective person.
Check Smartsheet regularly.Issues/updates are reported on smartsheet.
Check the project timeline. If the timeline is not shared with you ask the onshore BA /your team lead to do so.
Check Project Strategy Planning in Git. Update it as needed.
Discuss new requirements/issues with Dev and QA.
Update Redmine Hours.
Weekly Task:
Call SCRUM/REMIND YOUR LEAD for a scrum at least twice in every week.
Check SharePoint if there is any updated mapping/SOW.
Check Git issue, change status, close solved issues.
Make a plan for next week (project forecasting/analysis/sample submission).
Project Responsibilities:
Firstly, you need to put all the resources in the BA Resouce. This Folder is nextcloud based, so everyone can access it centrally.
Maintain folder naming convention ----- Project name/CID > resource> mapping,sow,datafile,artwork,submission and others if needed.Only You will have the permission to add/delete folders from BA res. Once you delete any folder, no one will be able to access that. So, Please be careful and don't change any old project's resources.
Inside mapping and SOW. you have to create an archive. When the mapping will be backdated keep it in the archive and keep the new one outside archive. Inside the submission folder please keep the samples that you will submit in each phase.
You'll always get the updated resource from SharePoint/JEF/Filezilla. Please ask your lead to give you SharePoint ID and Password. You have to check SharePoint regularly as client updates mapping and SOW frequently.
Create a group in skype for each project and keep assigned people in that group.
You have to analyze datafile and mapping, find out discrepancies, report problems to onshore BA.
Escalate problems to the onshore team when you see there is a delay in getting a response for any reported issue.
You have to deliver requirements to DEV and QA so that they can easily be on the same page with you.
Update smartsheet to report any confusion. Attach screenshots for better understanding.
Communicate with onshore BA regularly.
update BA resource regularly. There will be frequent updates on resource/timeline.
Collaborate with DEV and QA. If they have any confusion, it's your responsibility to make that clear.
Set a sample deadline and discuss it with DEV first and then with QA.
Review Sample before every submission. Don't submit a sample if it's not been reviewed by You. Because you will know the A-Z requirements of each project.
Keep samples inside the submission folder in BA resource.
Update Gitlab.Create Tag at the time of each submission.
Attach a sample in JEF. If the sample is too big then place it at client pickup.
Update JEF and let the onshore BA know that you have placed the sample at client pickup. Also, mention the folder directory.