Go to https://infotrac-secure-pilot.infoimageinc.com/ (for pilot) or https://infotrac-secure-pilot.infoimageinc.com/ (for stage) and login with your username and password.
Then do the followings:
Go to Client Management Tab
Search for you project's Client ID(CID). For example: TFCU, SFCE, NECU, etc.
Then click on the appeared CID as search result.
Click Message Settings
ClickCreate New Client Statement if you there is no existing message settings created for your current project(JID).
Then selectApplication Type, Statement Symbol (write JID here).
Then there will be an row for current project in theMessage Manager - Setup Clienttable. ClickSetupbutton in that row.
Upload a pdf file that has only first page of the statement. The statement should have the following properties.
Address section should only contain
INFOIMAGE
141 JEFERSON DR
MENLO PARK CA 94025
There should only dummy data.
Then to create a message area, click on theCreate New Message Areabutton.
Then fill up the following fields:
Name: Give the message a name. For example: message-1, message-1, msg1, msg2, etc
Area Symbol: Give it a number. For first message give 1, for second message give 2.
Max Priority: ----
Format: selectimpfor text message, selectimagefor image message
Font: Select desired font.
Font Size: Write the font size.
Width in pixel: Write the width of the message in pixel. 1 dfa pels = 84 pixel
Max. # Of Chars: Write the maximum number of characters can be fit in the text message area. This is only for text messages
Char Per Line: Write the maximum number of characters can be fit into a line in the message area. this in only for text messages.
Image Position X(In Inches): Write the X axis position of the message in inch
Image Position Y(In Inches): Write the Y axis position of the message in inch
Image DPI: Write 300. This is only for image messages.
EStmt Image DPI: -----
Then click Next
Select message criteria and format. The criteria should be in the SOW.
The balances (Ending balance, EndBal, Balance) should be selected as RATE format
Account Number should be selected as FILE format.
ClickSave.